it will be several months before she
really drinks using her trunk
but already she's copying the adults
just like a human toddler
harmatan has protected her infant well
and the future febreze
should be bright
[Music]
high up in the foothills of mount kenya
sabah has some exciting news about
mountain ball
[Music]
yes hello how are you what's happening
now um i just wanted to let you know we
found him
oh fantastic well he's just across
the valley on a ridge just opposite us
and he's absolutely beautiful
oh that's fantastic what's he doing well
he's actually with a herd of females
he looks like he's in full must at the
moment and he's been
testing some of the females so just he's
just such a beautiful bull i had no idea
well it's so funny i've been following
in my new tree all morning
wondering where you were well he's come
a lot further into piranha than i
thought
from where i'm sitting we've got an
amazing view right across the plains and
then across a whole lot of settlements
small
chambers up into the mountain kenya
forest it's almost the exact route that
he takes
uh i know he's coming out of bus any day
now so i don't know if it's just me
but it does seem to me like he's looking
every now and then at mount kenya and
thinking about that long trek he's got
to do
and i'd expect him to be heading off any
day now
mountain bull's route home will take him
straight through the farms and
settlements in the valley
that will almost certainly mean conflict
between humans and elephants
by keeping him under close surveillance
the team are hoping to find ways of
helping him
and then hopefully he can avoid the fate
of poor mungu
back in samburu the lost female and
injured calf are still hanging on
after six days there's still no
improvement in the injured leg
but there's an interesting development
the pair have attached themselves to a
family with a fully grown disabled
elephant
babel she's coped with a paralyzed leg
for more than 10 years
and is given time to keep up by the
senior elephants
that means the family travels slowly and
don't range far
so for the time being at least the lost
elephants can enjoy the company of
another family
[Music]
you